Document IN operator #18610 (#18687)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/comparison.md

If you want to match for the chosen escape character, you simply escape itself.
For example, you can use `\\` to match for `\`.

(in-operator)=

## Row comparison: IN

> The `IN` operator can be used to compare values with the following patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IN` operator can be used in a `WHERE` clause to compare column values with a list of values. The list of values can be supplied by a subquery or directly as static values in an array:
```

> It can fetch records according to mutiple values specified in WHERE clause. A

Reviewer: Remove this and the next line.

sub-query or list of values must be specified in the parenthesis.

```
... WHERE column [NOT] IN ('value1','value2');
... WHERE column [NOT] IN ( subquery )
```

> 

Reviewer: Add this:

Use the optional `NOT` keyword to negate the condition.

> ```

Reviewer: The following example shows a simple usage with a static array:

SELECT * FROM region WHERE name IN ('AMERICA', 'EUROPE');
```
The values in the clause are used for multiple comparisons that are combined as
a logical `OR`. The preceding query is equivalent to the following query:

> ```

Reviewer: add sql hint in all snippets

```
```sql
```

SELECT * FROM region WHERE name = 'AMERICA' OR name = 'EUROPE';
```

You can negate the comparisons by adding `NOT`, and get all other regions
except the values in list:

```
SELECT * FROM region WHERE name NOT IN ('AMERICA', 'EUROPE');
```

When using a subquery to determine the values to use in the comparison, the
subquery must return a single column and one or more rows.

```

> SELECT name FROM nation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT name 
FROM nation 
```
